Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now we're modeling something from the real world in our code.
You may find that you're adding more and more detail to a class.
You'll find that you have a growing list of attributes and methods and that your files are becoming
increasingly lengthy.
The situation you might recognize a part of one class can be written as a separate class.
You can break large classes into smaller classes that work together.
Let's say we continue adding detail to our Kindle Fire class.
We might notice that we're adding many attributes and methods specific to the screen.
We can move these attributes and methods to a separate class called screen.
Then we can use a screen instance as an attribute in the Kindle Fire class.
So let's take a look at how we would do that.
But for us we need to create our screen class and we do it at just above our class for kindle fire so
we do not hear it.
Give yourself some room to work and we say class screen.
There we go.
Colin and what are the comments for this.
Well what is the description.
This will create a class to model the screen of a Kindle Fire.
Sounds simple.
Let's hope so.
Next we call in a method DPF underscore underscore and I-T and what attributes we have in there.
We have South then we have screen resolution.
Now we go I'm giving us a default value of 12:08 by 800 OK that's not in our current initialize screens.
Attributes So as you can guess you could add in more attributes here if you wanted to the screen and
what attributes will a screen have where else self select self that screen resolution equals screen
resolution.
So we've seen this previously when creating classes.
Now we need a method to describe our screen and look enough Actually we already have one down here described
screen let's just copied us.
Take that away and put it in here.
There we go.
And just while we're here does a couple of things we need to do on our Kindle Kindle Fire class.
We need to remove this line.
Line 55 because we have put that in line 40.
Take that as and now in our method we don't need screen resolution here either because we put that into
its own screen class.
There we go.
There's those couple of lines or a couple of details removed and we've added in our describe screen
method.
Now let's just remove these blank lines here just clean it up a little less perfect.
Now how do we call this new class and how do we put it together with our Kindle Fire class.
Well let's go down to the very bottom and what we need to do in our Kindle Fire class is we need to
say self got five screen
equals screen and we go down here now let's leave out the fire dust in place and say fire screen equals
right fire screen that describe
screen brackets.
Now let's run it and see what we guess.
Perfect.
We have our first line Kindle Fire describing our Kindle Fire and then we have a second line.
My Hastey eight beaches are wide screen 12 12 8 by a hundred hates the screen.
So let's just run through this little bit and recap on what we've done to try to find a new class called
Screen this new class doesn't inherit from any other classes.
The init method at line thirty eight here has one parameter screen resolution.
In addition to self design actual parameter that sets the screen resolution size to 12 8 by a hundred
if no value is provided the method described screen has been moved to this class as well.
Seen here at line 42 there we now in the Kindle Fire class on line 46 We now have an attribute called
self that fire screen that's at line 55.
This line tells Peyton to create a new instance of screen what a default size of 12 A.D. by hundred.
Because we're not specifying a volume and store that instance in the attribute self-doubt fire screen.
This will happen every time the init method is called.
And the other Kindle Fire engines will now have a screen insense created automatically which is very
handy.
Then we create a kindle fire and sword and very well my Kindle Fire.
Nothing new there.
We've seen that in previous lectures when we want to describe the screen we need to work through the
screens attributes and we do that here.
My Kindle fire that fire screen data scribed screen this line plating to look at the instance of my
Kindle Fire find it screen attributes and call the method described screen that's associated with the
screen instance stored in the attribute.
Now this looks like a lot of actual work but now we can describe the screen in as much detail as we
want without Katra without cluttering our Kindle Fire class.
Some approaches are more efficient than others but it takes practice and time and patience to find the
most efficient representations as long as the code is doing what you want it to do.
Then you're on the right track.
Thank you for listening and has always if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me.